as you progress in your career you'll be privileged to more information
and yes that's important in a sense but not in the sense that you
may think of the key here will be too is how do you discern what to
relay and what not to relate to your peers and to your family and to
your sailors so you may be on to some very you know secret squirrel
mission or whatever it may be wherever it may be and you'll have to
understand what to say and what not to say to these people because
you know let's face it we all work better when we know what we're what
we when we know what we're doing and why we're doing so if I understand
that Hey I'm doing I'm fixing this whatever piece of equipment
it may be in order to I don't know accomplish some mission somewhere
there now I work a little bit more at it now we're just a little
bit more heart I'll be a little bit more attention to so you as a leader
we have to find that balance of how to motivate how to keep your
sailor's and your peers motivated but at the same time not given them
up I love not given too much information to where it may be a issue
going for